_artists/amanda-pepper.md, before:

---
order: 4
title: Amanda Pepper
artist_title: Tattoo Artist
artist_image: /asset/img/upload/biopic2.jpg
portfolio_images:
  - /asset/img/upload/cactusmagnoliasunflower.jpg
  - /asset/img/upload/cairn.jpg
  - /asset/img/upload/cactuscrystals.jpg
  - /asset/img/upload/catspirit.jpg
  - /asset/img/upload/chicksandhens.jpg
  - /asset/img/upload/crystalfeathers.jpg
  - /asset/img/upload/cutebear.jpg
  - /asset/img/upload/cutewalrus.jpg
  - /asset/img/upload/flowerinamber.jpg
  - /asset/img/upload/gingkoleaves.jpg
  - /asset/img/upload/magpie.jpg
  - /asset/img/upload/morninggloryabstract.jpg
  - /asset/img/upload/panther.jpg
  - /asset/img/upload/shepherdlillies.jpg
  - /asset/img/upload/snowleopard.jpg
  - /asset/img/upload/succulents.jpg
  - /asset/img/upload/sunconyer.jpg
  - /asset/img/upload/sunsetabstract.jpg
  - /asset/img/upload/wildflowers.jpg
  - /asset/img/upload/worldturtle.jpg
email: bemycanvas@gmail.com
hours: Amanda's books are currently closed.  Keep an eye on our website and her
  blog for more updates.  [bemycanvas.com](http://bemycanvas.com/)
---
Amanda has been an artist her whole life. Drawing led to illustration, collage, painting, and then tattooing. She is fascinated with art as self expression, and believes the process of getting a tattoo can be a very personal and meaningful experience. Amanda is inspired by plants, animals, scenery, abstract art, and philosophy. Currently her focus is solely on custom original pieces that involve this theme of nature. Her tattoo work is typically colorful and soft, semi-realistic, with thin or minimal outline.

Currently, Amanda is in a time of transition and is not taking any new appointments. To keep up with Amanda and follow her work, visit her blog at [bemycanvas.com](http://bemycanvas.com/)

Commit message:

Add Amanda Pepper new bio and pics.

_artists/amanda-pepper.md, after:

---
order: 4
title: Amanda Pepper
artist_title: Tattoo Artist
artist_image: /asset/img/upload/biopic2.jpg
portfolio_images:
  - /asset/img/upload/2024-05-06/Amanda Pepper/01.jpg
  - /asset/img/upload/2024-05-06/Amanda Pepper/02.jpg
  - /asset/img/upload/2024-05-06/Amanda Pepper/03.jpg
  - /asset/img/upload/2024-05-06/Amanda Pepper/04.jpg
  - /asset/img/upload/2024-05-06/Amanda Pepper/05.jpg
  - /asset/img/upload/2024-05-06/Amanda Pepper/06.jpg
  - /asset/img/upload/2024-05-06/Amanda Pepper/07.jpg
  - /asset/img/upload/2024-05-06/Amanda Pepper/08.jpg
  - /asset/img/upload/2024-05-06/Amanda Pepper/09.jpg
  - /asset/img/upload/2024-05-06/Amanda Pepper/10.jpg
  - /asset/img/upload/2024-05-06/Amanda Pepper/11.jpg
  - /asset/img/upload/2024-05-06/Amanda Pepper/12.jpg
  - /asset/img/upload/2024-05-06/Amanda Pepper/13.jpg
  - /asset/img/upload/2024-05-06/Amanda Pepper/14.jpg
  - /asset/img/upload/cactusmagnoliasunflower.jpg
  - /asset/img/upload/cairn.jpg
  - /asset/img/upload/cactuscrystals.jpg
  - /asset/img/upload/catspirit.jpg
  - /asset/img/upload/chicksandhens.jpg
  - /asset/img/upload/crystalfeathers.jpg
  - /asset/img/upload/cutebear.jpg
  - /asset/img/upload/cutewalrus.jpg
  - /asset/img/upload/flowerinamber.jpg
  - /asset/img/upload/gingkoleaves.jpg
  - /asset/img/upload/magpie.jpg
  - /asset/img/upload/morninggloryabstract.jpg
  - /asset/img/upload/panther.jpg
  - /asset/img/upload/shepherdlillies.jpg
  - /asset/img/upload/snowleopard.jpg
  - /asset/img/upload/succulents.jpg
  - /asset/img/upload/sunconyer.jpg
  - /asset/img/upload/sunsetabstract.jpg
  - /asset/img/upload/wildflowers.jpg
  - /asset/img/upload/worldturtle.jpg
email: bemycanvas@gmail.com
hours: Amanda's books are currently closed.  Keep an eye on our website and her
  blog for more updates.  [bemycanvas.com](http://bemycanvas.com/)
---

Amanda is a multimedia artist. She enjoys painting, illustration, tattooing, and graphic design.
Her tattoo work is colorful, soft, and semi-realistic, usually depicting plants or animals. She loves doing pet portrait illustration and abstract intuitive painting.

Amanda finds her inspiration in nature, as well as concepts of spirituality, dreams, energy, folklore and philosophy, healing and wellness. She also likes working with symbolism and bright color.

In recent years, Amanda pursued interest in the healing arts to receive training as an advanced Reiki practitioner. Her current area of focus is integrating trauma-informed principles into her life and work.

She is passionate about her purpose as an artist to connect the client with an image, whether it be on paper, skin, pixel, or canvas.

To contact Amanda, for more information, or to sign up for her newsletter, visit Amanda’s website at [bemycanvas.com](https://www.bemycanvas.com/).
